# Unknown vale

Unknown vale is a card game that gives you the opportunity to manage a small base in a hidden and feerical vale.<br>
You will be able to use units nests to recruit units and fight against other players to impose your domination.<br>
You will be able to recruit units, train them, and send them to fight against other players.<br>
But your units will suffer many issues, like tiredness, hunger, injuries or illness.<br>

You will have to manage your units to keep them in good shape and to make them fight at their best.<br>
While a unit fights for you, it will use a gauge of energy, after the fight it will need to rest to recover its energy.<br>
You will have to wait for your units to recover their energy before sending them to fight again.<br>
Each tired, hungry, injured or ill unit won't be able to fight until it recovers. Only time (real time) will be able to heal your units.<br>

There is only two ressources in the game: gold and energy.<br>
Energy is automatically generated by real time and used by your units to recover.<br>
Gold is extracted from mines you can build in your base.<br>
Gold is generated in real time, so you will have an amount of it at the beginning of each battle.<br>
It's also generated once in battle faster than in real time because of the adrenaline of the fight.<br>
If you run out of gold, you won't be able to recruit new units. If you run out of energy, your units won't be able to fight.<br>
If don't have enough units able to fight, you won't be able to join a battle.<br>

Sometimes, events will happen in the vale. They can be good or bad for you.<br>
You will perhaps suffer an epidemic, have a mine collapse, have to manage a syndicate struggle...<br>
You will also maybe extract more gold by finding a rich vein, have your units morales boosted by the visit of a bard, cure a disease with a rare plant...<br>

## Purpose

Traditional card games are often based on players time to train and play, and their money to buy cards.<br>
If players just want to play for fun, they will have to face players who have spent a lot of time and money to build a powerful deck.<br>
A solution is to avoid the money part, then add a fair amount of time to train and play.<br>

Unkown vale gives players the opportunity to play a card game without spending money, with a global pool of cards and the same amount of time to train and play for everyone.<br>

At last, only strategy and management will make the difference between players, it should improve competitive spirit and give a fair chance to everyone.<br>

## Docs

- game design
  - [basic rules](docs/game_design/basic_rules.md)
  - [player base](docs/game_design/player_base.md)
  - [units](docs/game_design/units.md)
  - [battlefield](docs/game_design/battlefield.md)
  - [events](docs/game_design/events.md)
- technical
  - [database](docs/tech/database.md)
  - [client](docs/tech/client.md)
  - [server](docs/tech/server.md)
  - [ops](docs/tech/ops.md)

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
